Added documentation for audio streaming setup (#51)
smartdevicelink/sdl_core_guides: docs/Audio and Video Streaming Setup/index.md

gst-launch-1.0 filesrc location=$SDL_BUILD_PATH/bin/storage/video_stream_pipe ! "application/x-rtp-stream" ! rtpstreamdepay ! "application/x-rtp,media=(string)video,clock-rate=90000,encoding-name=(string)H264" ! rtph264depay ! "video/x-h264, stream-format=(string)avc, alignment=(string)au" ! avdec_h264 ! videoconvert ! ximagesink sync=false
```

### Audio Stream Pipe

#### RAW PCM

```
gst-launch-1.0 filesrc location=$SDL_BUILD_PATH/bin/storage/audio_stream_pipe ! audio/x-raw,format=S16LE,rate=16000,channels=1 ! pulsesink
```

!!! NOTE

> Currently there is a cutoff issue with Audio Pipe Streaming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently there is a [known issue](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_core/issues/2633) with audio pipe streaming where the audio will cut off before all of the data has been played.
```

```

### HMI Modifications
Using socket streaming may require a modification to the SDL HMI, comment out the following lines in `app/model/sdl/Abstract/Model.js` 

#### VIDEO
```
//  SDL.SDLModel.data.naviVideo = document.getElementById('html5Player');
//  SDL.SDLModel.data.naviVideo.src = SDL.SDLController.getApplicationModel(
//      appID
//  ).navigationStream;

> //  SDL.SDLModel.playVideo(appID);

Reviewer: Just this line should do
